Update index.md (#12345)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/configuration/index.md

At app startup, configuration sources are read in the order that their configuration providers are specified.

> Configuration Providers that implement change detection have the ability to reload configuration when an underlying settings is changed (after app startup). For example, The File Configuration Provider (described later in this topic) and the [Azure Key Vault Configuration Provider](xref:security/key-vault-configuration) implement change detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration providers that implement change detection have the ability to reload configuration when an underlying setting is changed. For example, the File Configuration Provider (described later in this topic) and the [Azure Key Vault Configuration Provider](xref:security/key-vault-configuration) implement change detection.
```
